hello then today new video
for pc coloring l'oréal prodigies
so I opted for a 5 30
how good and purpose it stays when
even to keep my regret but to
give wren on the hair of
so we 're going to discover
together this new pack
already we start again and put a pretty
bathrobe patent love to protect his
nice more
do you have
houston
so early
more mix German priest is going
start applying it's gone so
I will take up the top a
hair to color the part of
underneath her hair just so
brings him back in two lengths
and in fact the goal of sat is to pose the
color but not on the gland part
because I have a name of so just
this part there to import them
it's wrong
this time
ah ah
m
the ja ja
I
m
Oh
g
m
never
if we go out
I was unknown
the saga
all
so here I have even finished my color
the oréal prodigy who is she at 5 30 11
I'm pretty happy with my result
even if for the moment you do not see
too much I already have golden reflections
from oussama bring more briand on the
above my hair while still retaining
danzé so it's really perfect it's
the result I wished I would you
talk about costs must before after your
can see the difference and judge
but in any case , the color is
easy to apply and especially it is not
not good at what makes her
is she boasting about
it does not sting eyes so easy to
to do at home as you could
see in this video
I hope in any case that you liked it
I'll see you soon for others
beauty products tests in video kisses
have a good day
ciao
key
purchases
I